UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, WESTERN DIVISION 
ATELIER LUXURY GROUP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
ZARA USA, INC., a New York corporation; INDUSTRIA DE DISEÑO TEXTIL, S.A., doing business as Inditex, a Spanish sociedad anónima; and DOES 1-20, inclusive, 
Defendants. 

CASE NO. 2:20-cv-00675 
FIRST AMENDED COMPLAINT FOR: 
	.	(1)  FEDERAL TRADE DRESS INFRINGEMENT (15U.S.C.-section-1125(a));  
	.	(2)  FEDERAL TRADE DRESS DILUTION (15U.S.C.-section-1125(c));  
	.	(3)  FEDERAL UNFAIR COMPETITION & FALSE DESIGNATION OF ORIGIN (15U.S.C.-section-1125(a));  
	.	(4)  CALIFORNIA TRADE DRESS DILUTION (CAL. BUS. & PROF. CODE -section-14200); AND  
	.	(5)  CALIFORNIA UNFAIR COMPETITION (CAL. BUS. & PROF. CODE -section-17200)  
DEMAND FOR JURY TRIAL 
Action Filed: January 22, 2020
Trial Date: October 15, 2021 

Plaintiff Atelier Luxury Group, LLC (“Plaintiff”) alleges in this First Amended Complaint as follows: 

NATURE OF THE ACTION 

1. This lawsuit seeks to stop and recover damages from Defendants Zara USA, Inc. (“Zara”) and Industria de Diseño Textil, S.A., doing business as Inditex (“Inditex” and together with Zara, “Defendants”) for blatantly and unlawfully misappropriating Plaintiff’s valuable trade dress rights. Specifically, Defendants have copied the same style, look and feel of Plaintiff’s celebrated AMIRI MX2 jeans to sell their own lower-quality, knock-off Combination Skinny Biker jeans. Defendants’ inferior imitation of Plaintiff’s AMIRI MX2 jeans was deliberate and intended to piggyback off of the enormous popularity, goodwill and success of Plaintiff’s highly recognizable and valuable design. 

2. Plaintiff is the registered owner and creator of AMIRI. AMIRI is a high-end luxury and ready-to-wear fashion label influenced by the rock ‘n’ roll, punk and grunge culture in the United States in the 1980s and 1990s. 

3. AMIRI-brand clothing, shoes and accessories have enjoyed massive success and wide publicity by being linked to fashion-setters in the entertainment and sports communities, such as LeBron James, Jay-Z, Madonna, Justin Bieber, Kendall Jenner, Kanye West and many others. Since its launch in 2013, the popularity of the AMIRI label has skyrocketed. Plaintiff sells tens of millions of dollars of AMIRI merchandise every year in the United States and across the world. 

4. In January 2019, Plaintiff debuted its new AMIRI MX2 jeans. The MX2 jeans are distinctive and instantly recognizable. The skinny fit jeans feature premiere Italian stretch denim, pleated leather panel detailing, zippered thigh pockets and zipper closures at the knees. The MX2 jeans are made from an exhaustive production process at Plaintiff’s Los Angeles headquarters, where each and every pair of jeans is hand-treated and carefully assembled over a period of several months. The MX2 jeans retail for $1,150, or more. Images of Plaintiff’s authentic AMIRI MX2 jeans are reproduced below: 

5. Plaintiff is informed and believes that in or about December 2019, Zara began selling its own knock-off MX2 jeans, called the Zara Combination Skinny Biker jeans. The Zara Combination Skinny Biker Jeans were designed, manufactured, and distributed to Zara by Inditex, which is the parent entity and owner of Zara. The Zara Combination Skinny Biker Jeans have the same look and feel as the authentic AMIRI MX2 jeans. Notably, Zara’s Combination Skinny Biker jeans share the same distinctive pleated leather panel detailing, side zippered thigh pockets, zippered knee closures, and skinny fit washed denim. 

6. Indeed, side-by-side comparisons of the AMIRI MX2 jeans and the Zara Combination Skinny Biker jeans confirm the obvious and overwhelming similarities between the two products. 

7. Neither Zara, nor Inditex, ever approached Plaintiff for a license to use its trade dress or other of Plaintiff’s intellectual property rights. Defendants’ unlawful actions amount to a blatant, willful, and conscious disregard for Plaintiff’s rights, and were knowingly and intentionally taken to capitalize on the goodwill, recognition and fame associated with the AMIRI MX2 jeans. Such misconduct has caused and continues to cause confusion to the public and injury to Plaintiff. 

8. Plaintiff has spent enormous time and resources promoting its AMIRI MX2 jeans. It cannot stand by as Zara and Inditex deliberately infringe, dilute and misappropriate its valuable trade dress rights. This misconduct is harmful and will continue to cause Plaintiff injury, including by lost sales, diminished reputation in the marketplace and the dilution of its valuable intellectual property, unless and until the Court enjoins it. 

9. By this suit, Plaintiff is seeking compensatory damages, believed to be in excess of $3,000,000, enhanced damages, punitive damages, attorneys’ fees and costs, injunctive relief, and all other relief authorized under federal and California law. 

THE PARTIES 

10. Plaintiff is a Delaware limited liability company that is headquartered in Los Angeles, California. Plaintiff is the designer, manufacturer, marketer and seller of AMIRI brand clothing, shoes and accessories, including, but not limited to, the AMIRI MX2 jeans. 

11. Plaintiff is informed and believes, and on that basis alleges, that Defendant Zara USA, Inc. is a New York corporation, with its principal place of business in New York. Zara is a fully owned subsidiary of Inditex. Plaintiff is informed and believes that Zara is registered to do business in the State of California, and that it conducts substantial business within this judicial district. 

12. Plaintiff is informed and believes, and on that basis alleges, that Defendant Industria de Diseño Textil, S.A., doing business as Inditex, is a Spanish sociedad anónima (the equivalent of a corporation under Spanish law), with its principal place of business in Spain. Inditex is the parent entity of Zara. Plaintiff is informed and believes that Inditex is conducts substantial business within this judicial district, as set forth below. 

13. Plaintiff is ignorant of the true names, capacities, relationships and extent of participation in the conduct herein alleged of the Defendants sued herein as Does 1 through 20, inclusive, but on information and belief alleges that said Defendants are legally responsible for it. Plaintiff will amend this complaint to allege the true names and capacities of the Doe Defendants when ascertained.
 14. Plaintiff is informed and believes, and on that basis alleges, that except as otherwise alleged herein, each of the Defendants is, and at all times relevant to this complaint was, the employee, agent, employer, partner, joint venturer, alter ego, affiliate, and/or coconspirator of the other Defendants and, in doing the acts alleged herein, was acting within the course and scope of such positions at the direction of, and/or with the permission, knowledge, consent, and/or ratification of the other Defendants. In the alternative, Plaintiff is informed and believes, and based thereon alleges, that each Defendant, through its acts and omissions, is responsible for the wrongdoing alleged herein and for the damages suffered by Plaintiff. 

SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION AND VENUE 

15. This Court has jurisdiction over the federal trade dress, dilution and false designation of origin claims asserted in this action under 28U.S.C.-section-1331 (federal question jurisdiction). 

16. This Court has ancillary jurisdiction over the state law claims asserted in this action under 28U.S.C.-section-1367 because they are related to the federal claims that form part of the same case or controversy under Article III of the U.S. Constitution. This Court also has jurisdiction over the state law claims for unfair competition under 28U.S.C.-section-1338(b) because such claims are joined with a substantial and related claim under the federal trademark laws. 

17. Venue in this judicial district is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. -section--section-1391(b), 28 U.S.C.-section--section-1391(c) and 28 U.S.C.-section--section-1400(a) because, on information and belief, Defendant Zara resides within this judicial district and/or a substantial part of the events or omissions giving rise to liability occurred in this judicial district. 

PERSONAL JURISDICTION 

18. This Court has personal jurisdiction over Zara because it does business in California, and because the alleged acts of trade dress infringement, trade dress dilution and federal and state unfair competition occurred in Los Angeles, California. Zara has established minimum contacts with the forum such that the exercise of jurisdiction over it would not offend traditional notions of fair play and substantial justice. 

19. This Court has personal jurisdiction over Inditex because it does business in California, and because the alleged acts of trade dress infringement, trade dress dilution and federal and state unfair competition occurred in Los Angeles, California. Inditex has established minimum contacts with the forum such that the exercise of jurisdiction over it would not offend traditional notions of fair play and substantial justice. 

20. Specifically, Inditex has substantial contacts with the United States, including this forum, because: 
a. Inditex is an integrated global retailer. Inditex holds itself out to the world as being a “global fashion retailer” that sells Zara and other brand merchandise through an integrated online platform and network of physical stores. To that end, Inditex represents on its website: 
Inditex is a global fashion retailer present in 5 continents, in the North and South hemispheres. Our main business consists of offering the latest fashion trends (apparel, footwear, accessories and home textiles), at affordable prices, at the right time and with high standards of quality and sustainability. The company sells its products through an integrated model of physical stores and online. The company conducts its business through different brands: Zara, Pull & Bear, Massimo Dutti, Bershka, Stradivarius, Oysho, Zara Home and Uterqüe. Each of them is operated based upon a directly managed model of physical stores and online. 
Inside the State of California, Inditex maintains nearly two-dozen brick-and-mortar Zara retail locations, including at least 12 locations in Los Angeles County, which allow Inditex to introduce, promote and sell clothing to end-consumers. Each of these stores is filled with merchandise that was designed, manufactured, and distributed by Inditex. Inditex also reaches millions of consumers in California through its fully-owned Zara website and through print and online publications. 
b. Inditex is a California employer. Inditex employs hundreds of employees, if not more, in California. Inditex’s website lists job postings for available California positions, which are visible under the “Inditex Careers” page. The website further has a “Life at Inditex” tab that describes what employment is like for the “over 174,000 people who make up Inditex” in California and across the globe. 
c. Inditex owns U.S. trademarks. Inditex owns the trademark registration for “Inditex” and has filed papers with the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office declaring that it uses the “Inditex” mark in U.S. commerce and on its apparel. Inditex has also registered the “Zara” trademark in Class 25 (apparel) in the United States. As with the “Inditex” mark, in order to maintain and renew such registration, Inditex filed papers with the USPTO declaring that it uses the Zara trademark in U.S. commerce. 
d. Inditex actively litigates in California and across the United States. Inditex has been a plaintiff or defendant in numerous cases in this State and across the nation, including: Industria de Diseno, S.A. v. Zara Telez LLC, No. 1:15:cv-05324-JP (S.D.N.Y.); Rifle Holdings, LLC v. Zara USA, Inc., No. 6:2016-cv-02102 (M.D. Fla.); Brandt v. Zara USA, Inc., No. 1:2010-cv-04785 (S.D.N.Y.); Rube P. Hoffman Co. v. Zara USA, Inc., No. 2:18-cv-09114-MWF- AGR (C.D. Cal.); Complete Drywall Interiors Inc. v. Development Support, No. BC329201 (Los Angeles Super. Ct.); Gabriela Neagu v. Zara USA, Inc., No. CGC-18-566008 (San Francisco Super. Ct.); Alvarado v. Inditex Inc., No. BC658181 (Los Angeles Super. Ct.); Nunez v. Inditex Inc., No. 37-2018- 00056012-CU-PO-CTL (San Diego Super. Ct.); William v. Shawmut Woodworking Supply, No. 2016-L-005775 (Ill. Cir. Ct.).
e. Inditex affixes an Inditex label to its merchandise. The Zara Combination Skinny Biker Jeans, like other Zara merchandise, are sold with an inside fabric care label identifying Inditex as the maker of the garment. This label displays the “Inditex” trademark that is registered with the USPTO. 

FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS A. Plaintiff’s High-End AMIRI Label 

21. Plaintiff is the creator of the high-end fashion brand AMIRI and owns several registered and common law trademarks relating to AMIRI, including without limitation U.S. Reg. No. 5,017,318 and U.S. Reg. No. 5,324,134. 

22. Influenced by the punk and grunge culture of the 1980s and 1990s, the AMIRI brand launched in 2013 as a ready-to-wear label with streetwear-inspired collections. Plaintiff is responsible for creating, designing, assembling, finishing, marketing and selling the AMIRI brand clothing, shoes and accessories; and Plaintiff is responsible for maintaining quality control over the AMIRI brand clothing, shoes and accessories marketed and sold around the world. 

23. AMIRI brings luxury standards to a rock ‘n’ roll aesthetic in menswear, womenswear, footwear, and accessories. The label has been described as “one of the biggest businesses in the men’s ready-to-wear” market. The founder and principal of Plaintiff, Michael Amiri (after whom the AMIRI brand is named), has been described as “a modern cinderella story”—a fashion disruptor who “catapulted to success” using social media, “landing him placement in top-tier stores and fans among the Hollywood elite.” In 2017, GQ profiled Mr. Amiri and identified him as among “the three designers making the most wanted streetwear in America.” In 2018, Mr. Amiri was nominated for the Swarovski Award for Emerging Talent at the CFDA Fashion Awards; and honored with the Emerging Talent Award at the Footwear News Achievement Awards. In 2019, Mr. Amiri was nominated for the Menswear Designer of the Year at the CFDA Fashion Awards. 

24. AMIRI clothes are featured in more than 150 high-end retailers around the world, including Barneys New York, Bergdorf Goodman and Galaries Lafayette. AMIRI has enjoyed immense and rapid success in just a few years, reaching more than $20 million in revenue by 2017, and doubling that to more than $40 million in revenue by 2018. 

B. The AMIRI MX2 Jeans 

25. In January 2019, Plaintiff unveiled its new AMIRI MX2 jeans. The MX2 jeans feature premiere Italian stretch denim, pleated leather panel detailing, zippered outside thigh pockets, zipper closures at the knee-line and hand-distressed abrasions throughout. The MX2 jeans have an authentically lived-in look and can be unfastened at the knees for a stylish and more relaxed fit. 

26. The AMIRI MX2 jeans are famous in the fashion community. Since their debut, the MX2 jeans have been worn by leading celebrities and fashion influencers, including Odell Beckham, Jr., Future, DeMarcus Cousins, Tyga, A Boogie wit da Hoodie, Tristan Thompson, Tony Effe and Kris Wu, among others. Images of some of these trend-setters wearing MX2 jeans are below. 

27. Plaintiff has spent enormous amounts of time, money and effort advertising and promoting the MX2 jeans. This and other AMIRI products are advertised in print and on the Internet, including on Plaintiff’s own website. The MX2 jeans are also advertised, promoted and presented at points of sale by major retailers, such as Barneys New York, and high-end fashion boutiques. Since the MX2 jeans debuted, Plaintiff has invested hundreds of thousands of dollars in promotions to build out the MX2 line. 

28. The AMIRI MX2 jeans have become a significant revenue source for Plaintiff. In 2019, sales of the MX2 jeans generated millions of dollars in revenue for Plaintiff, with sales increasing over the year as the jeans became increasingly well-known. The MX2 jeans presently retail on Plaintiff’s website and at high-end fashion boutiques for $1,150, or more. 

C. Zara’s Infringing Combination Skinny Biker Jeans 

29. Plaintiff is informed and believes that in or about December 2019, if not earlier, Zara began actively marketing, promoting, offering for sale and selling its Combination Skinny Biker jeans. The Combination Skinny Biker Jeans were sourced from Inditex, where the jeans were designed, manufactured and distributed to Zara. The jeans contain an inside fabric care label indicating they were made by Inditex. 

30. The similarity between the AMIRI MX2 jeans and Zara’s Combination Skinny Biker jeans is striking. At first glimpse, the two products appear to be nearly identical. A side-by-side comparison of the AMIRI MX2 jeans and the Zara Combination Skinny Biker jeans is illustrative and shown below: 

31. On closer inspection, however, the similarities are even more profound. In fact, the Zara Combination Skinny Biker jeans are shown to have precisely the same distinctive and non-functional design elements as the AMIRI MX2 jeans. This overlap is deliberate and is intended to reinforce a perceived association between Zara and the high-end luxury AMIRI label. 

32. Specifically, the Zara Combination Skinny Biker jeans have the same skinny fit style, unique pleated leather panel detailing that slopes downwards, side zippered thigh pockets, and zippered closures at the front of the knees, among other shared features. The arrows below, for example, point to the same pleated leather panel detailing and zippered knee closures that are featured prominently in both products. 

33. Further, the AMIRI MX2 jeans and the Zara Combination Skinny Biker jeans have the same style of zippered thigh pockets (on the outside of both legs), as shown below. 

34. The look of the denim fabric is also similar. Like the MX2 jeans sold by Plaintiff, Zara sells its Combination Skinny Biker Jeans in a mix of light and dark washes with an intentionally worn and distressed look. 

35. In short, virtually every discernible aspect of the Zara Combination Skinny Biker jeans is intended to emulate the AMIRI MX2 jeans. This overlap is particularly remarkable given the limitless options available to a designer when producing a pair of denim jeans. Yet, at every step of the way, Inditex and Zara made the choice to mirror the look and feel of the AMIRI jeans. Given the infinite number of ways that a pair of jeans can be designed, the inescapable conclusion is that Inditex and Zara knowingly and intentionally sought out to copy the AMIRI MX2 jeans down to the very last detail. 

D. Zara Is A Serial Infringer 

36. This is not the first time that Zara has been caught infringing another fashion designer’s intellectual property rights. In fact, Zara has been sued multiple times in this judicial district over the last few years for infringement of trademark and trade dress rights. 37. In April 2019, Zara was sued in this district for trademark infringement 
and unfair competition, based on its alleged unlawful use of another label’s trademarked design. See Rebel8, Inc. v. Zara USA, Inc., No. 2:19-cv-02659 (C.D. Cal.). In that case, Rebel8, Inc., which is an apparel company rooted in the graffiti, skateboard and tattoo culture, filed suit after it caught Zara selling women’s shorts that incorporated the distinctive Rebel8 diamond logo as part of the design pattern. 
38. In May 2015, Zara was sued in this district for trademark and trade dress infringement, false advertising and unfair business practices, based on its alleged unlawful use of another’s trademark. See Seychelles Imports, LLC v. Zara USA, Inc., No. 2:15-cv-03531 (C.D. Cal.). In that case, Seychelles Imports, LLC, which designs, manufactures, distributes and sells clothing and footwear bearing its protected “BC” logo, filed suit after it caught Zara selling apparel and footwear bearing the very same “BC” mark. 

E. Injury to Plaintiff 

39. Upon information and belief, customers and potential customers who come into contact with the Zara Combination Skinny Biker jeans are likely to be confused as to the source or sponsorship of, or association or affiliation with, the AMIRI MX2 jeans. As shown above, Defendants’ knock-off jeans are largely indistinguishable from the AMIRI line upon which they are modeled. The obvious perception is that the Zara Combination Skinny Biker jeans come from, are sponsored or authorized by, or are affiliated or associated with the AMIRI brand. 

40. Inditex and Zara have misappropriated and used Plaintiff’s valuable trade dress without permission and without compensation to Plaintiff. Together, Defendants manufacture, import, market, advertise, and/or sell Combination Skinny Biker jeans to take advantage of the demand that Plaintiff has created for the MX2 jeans, and to trade on the goodwill that Plaintiff has developed. 

41. Even though the Zara Combination Skinny Biker jeans are intended to look and feel like AMIRI’s signature MX2 jeans, the quality of Defendants’ jeans is vastly inferior. Plaintiff manufactures its AMIRI garments, including the MX2 jeans, with the highest quality denim, leather and other fabrics, and uses a painstaking production process whereby every item is treated by hand over a period of several months. The Zara Combination Skinny Biker jeans, by contrast, feature lower-quality denim and faux leather pleats, and are made without the same care and craftsmanship that has made AMIRI synonymous with luxury. 

42. Because Defendants’ jeans closely imitate the distinctive MX2 jeans, Defendants’ actions create a possibility that the AMIRI MX2 trade dress will no longer serve as a unique identifier of Plaintiff’s jeans to consumers, both in the United States and abroad. The presence of the Zara Combination Skinny Biker jeans in the market therefore diminishes the apparent exclusivity of genuine AMIRI MX2 jeans and dilutes the brand. Further, the inferior quality of Defendants’ jeans will tarnish the reputation that Plaintiff has worked very hard to develop, and on which Plaintiff has spent hundreds of thousands of dollars in promotions and advertising. As a result, Plaintiff will suffer lost sales and foregone business because of the improper and negative associations between Plaintiff’s brand and Defendants’ inferior knock-offs. 

43. Defendants’ blatant use of Plaintiff’s trade dress is unlawful and unfair. Plaintiff is informed and believes that Inditex, which owns the Zara brand, is a large and sophisticated apparel company that has been in business for almost 50 years. Accordingly, Defendants should be intimately familiar with the important role that design and intellectual property play in the fashion industry. Defendants’ blatant misuse of Plaintiff’s trade dress was done in bad faith, with full knowledge of Plaintiff’s intellectual property rights, and was carried out with the intent to deceive and mislead the public into believing that the Zara Combination Skinny Biker jeans are sponsored, licensed, authorized by, affiliated, connected, or otherwise associated with the AMIRI label.

44. At no time did Inditex or Zara obtain a license or any other permission or authorization from Plaintiff that would allow Defendants to sell jeans having the same look and feel as the authentic MX2 jeans. Plaintiff is not aware of any effort made by Inditex or Zara to license or otherwise lawfully use Plaintiff’s trade dress. 

45. Plaintiff has sustained and will continue to sustain damages as a result of Defendants’ wrongful conduct. Plaintiff will continue to suffer irreparable damage and harm to its reputation and sustain additional lost profits until Defendants’ actions alleged above are enjoined. 


FIRST CLAIM FOR RELIEF (Federal Trade Dress Infringement (15U.S.C.-section-1125(a)) – Against All Defendants) 

46. Plaintiff repeats and re-alleges each and every foregoing and subsequent allegation contained in the complaint, and further alleges as follows: 

47. Defendants Zara USA, Inc. and Industria de Diseño Textil, S.A. manufacture, distribute, offer to sell, and sell to consumers clothing, namely the Combination Skinny Biker jeans, that infringe Plaintiff’s trade dress in violation of -section- 43(a) of the Lanham Act, 15U.S.C.-section-1125(a). Plaintiff has actively marketed, promoted and sold continuously the AMIRI MX2 jeans such that it has acquired secondary meaning within the relevant market and among the public. With its Combination Skinny Biker jeans, Defendants have misappropriated the AMIRI MX2 trade dress without authorization from Plaintiff and continues to trade off the goodwill created and maintained by Plaintiff. 

48. Defendants’ conduct is likely to cause confusion, mistake or deception as to the source of its Combination Skinny Biker jeans and its association with Plaintiff, the MX2 jeans, and the AMIRI brand. Plaintiff is therefore entitled to injunctive relief under 15U.S.C.-section-1116(a). 

49. Defendants’ use of Plaintiff’s trade dress has been and continues to be willful. Plaintiff is therefore entitled to damages pursuant to 15U.S.C.-section-1117(a), including Defendants’ profits, Plaintiff’s actual damages, and/or the costs of this action, subject to enhancement as appropriate. Plaintiff is further entitled to its attorneys’ fees and costs because of Defendants’ conduct. 
SECOND CLAIM FOR RELIEF (Federal Trade Dress Dilution (15U.S.C.-section-1125(c)) – Against All Defendants) 
50. Plaintiff repeats and re-alleges each and every foregoing and subsequent allegation contained in the complaint, and further alleges as follows: 
51. Plaintiff has extensively and continuously promoted and used the AMIRI MX2 trade dress; and the unique and distinctive design has become a prominent, well-known and famous indicator of the origin of the MX2 jeans. 
52. Defendants Zara USA, Inc. and Industria de Diseño Textil, S.A. are making business use in commerce of trade dress that dilutes and is likely to dilute the distinctiveness of Plaintiff’s trade dress by eroding the public’s exclusive identification of the famous AMIRI MX2 jeans with Plaintiff, tarnishing and degrading the positive associations and prestigious connotations of this trade dress, and otherwise lessening the capacity of Plaintiff’s trade dress to identify and distinguish such goods. 
53. Defendants’ actions demonstrate an intentional, willful and malicious intent to trade on the goodwill associated with Plaintiff’s trade dress or to cause dilution of Plaintiff’s trade dress, to the great and irreparable injury of Plaintiff. 
54. Defendants have caused and will continue to cause injury to Plaintiff’s goodwill and business reputation, and dilution of the distinctiveness and value of the famous and distinctive AMIRI MX2 jeans in violation of 15U.S.C.-section-1125(c). Plaintiff is therefore entitled to injunctive relief and to Defendants’ profits, actual damages, and/or costs, subject to enhancement as appropriate, as well as reasonable attorneys’ fees, pursuant to 15U.S.C.-section--section-1125(c), 15U.S.C.-section--section-1116 and 15U.S.C.-section--section-1117. 

THIRD CLAIM FOR RELIEF(Federal Unfair Competition & False Designation of Origin (15U.S.C.-section-1125(a)) Against All Defendants 

55. Plaintiff repeats and re-alleges each and every foregoing and subsequent allegation contained in the complaint, and further alleges as follows: 

56. Plaintiff is, and at all relevant times was, the owner of all right, title and interest in AMIRI, including the trade dress rights in the AMIRI MX2 jeans. Plaintiff has extensively and continuously promoted and used the AMIRI MX2 trade dress in commerce. 

57. Plaintiff’s trade dress signifies to consumers that goods bearing the same unique and distinctive design are made by Plaintiff and are of the highest quality. Plaintiff has derived good will and value from this identification, which Plaintiff has furthered through its extensive advertising and promotional efforts.

58. As a consequence of Defendants’ use of Plaintiff’s trade dress, the consuming public will no longer recognize and identify Plaintiff as the single source of apparel bearing that trade dress. Defendants have, as alleged above, sold and are continuing to sell apparel, namely the Combination Skinny Biker jeans, which are identical or confusingly similar to Plaintiff’s AMIRI MX2 jeans. Such conduct constitutes the use of designs tending falsely to describe Defendants’ goods, within the meaning of 15U.S.C.-section-1125(a)(1), and is likely to cause confusion, mistake or deception by the public concerning the source of origin as between Defendants’ goods and those of Plaintiff, and/or to cause confusion, mistake or deception as to the affiliation, connection, association, origin, sponsorship or approval of Defendants’ goods with or by Plaintiff or, alternatively, that the public will mistakenly believe that Defendants’ goods are somehow associated with Plaintiff’s goods. 

59. Defendants’ infringing activities are willful and conscious, and are likely to cause injury to Plaintiff and the public. Plaintiff is therefore entitled to injunctive relief and to disgorge Defendants’ profits, actual damages, and/or costs, subject to enhancement as appropriate, as well as reasonable attorneys’ fees, pursuant to 15U.S.C.-section--section-1125(c), 15U.S.C.-section--section-1116 and 15U.S.C.-section--section-1117. 


FOURTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF(California Trade Dress Dilution (Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code -section-14200) – Against All Defendants) 

60. Plaintiff repeats and re-alleges each and every foregoing and subsequent allegation contained in the complaint, and further alleges as follows: 

61. Plaintiff has extensively and continuously promoted and used the AMIRI MX2 trade dress; and the unique and distinctive design has become a prominent, well-known and famous indicator of the origin of the MX2 jeans. 

62. Defendants Zara USA, Inc. and Industria de Diseño Textil, S.A.are making business use in commerce of trade dress that dilutes and is likely to dilute the distinctiveness of Plaintiff’s trade dress by eroding the public’s exclusive identification of the famous AMIRI MX2 jeans with Plaintiff, tarnishing and degrading the positive associations and prestigious connotations of this trade dress, and otherwise lessening the capacity of Plaintiff’s trade dress to identify and distinguish such goods. 

63. Defendants are causing and will continue to cause irreparable injury to Plaintiff’s goodwill and business reputation, and dilution of the distinctiveness and value of the trade dress of Plaintiff’s AMIRI MX2 jeans in violation of California’s dilution laws including, without limitation, Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code -section-14200. 

64. Defendants acted with oppression, fraud or malice in carrying out a scheme to trade on Plaintiff’s trade dress. Defendants knew that Plaintiff owned and had exclusive rights in the AMIRI brand, including as to the AMIRI MX2 jeans. Defendants’ actions were taken deliberately and with full awareness of Plaintiff’s legal rights. 

65. Plaintiff is therefore entitled to compensatory damages, injunctive relief, and punitive damages, as well as its reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs. 

FIFTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF (Unfair Competition (Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code -section-17200) – Against All Defendants) 

66. Plaintiff repeats and re-alleges each and every foregoing and subsequent allegation contained in the complaint, and further alleges as follows: 

67. Defendants Zara USA, Inc. and Industria de Diseño Textil, S.A. have been and are passing off their goods, including its Combination Skinny Biker jeans, as those of Plaintiff, causing a likelihood of confusion or of misunderstanding as to the source, sponsorship, or approval of Defendants’ products as to Defendants’ affiliation, connection, or association with Plaintiff, and otherwise damaging the public. Defendants’ actions, as complained of herein, have been and will continue to be willful and intentional. Defendants’ conduct constitutes unfair and deceptive acts or practices in the course of a business, trade or commerce in violation of California Business and Professions Code -section-17200. 

68. Defendants acted with oppression, fraud or malice in carrying out a scheme to trade on Plaintiff’s trade dress. Zara and Inditex knew that Plaintiff owned and had exclusive rights in the AMIRI brand, including as to the AMIRI MX2 jeans. Defendants’ actions were taken deliberately and with full awareness of Plaintiff’s legal rights. 

69. Zara’s and Inditex’s unauthorized use of Plaintiff’s trade dress has caused and is likely to cause substantial and irreparable injury to the public and to Plaintiff, and Plaintiff is entitled to injunctive relief and to recover damages, in the amount of not less than $3,000,000, as well as punitive damages, attorneys’ fees and costs. 

PRAYER FOR RELIEF WHEREFORE, Plaintiff respectfully requests that the Court grant the following relief:
 (1) Enter judgment in Plaintiff’s favor, finding that Plaintiff’s trade dress rights in the AMIRI MX2 jeans have been infringed by Zara and  Inditex in violation of 15U.S.C.-section-1125(a); 
(2) Enter judgment in Plaintiff’s favor, finding that Zara and Inditex have diluted Plaintiff’s trade dress rights in the AMIRI MX2 jeans in violation of 15U.S.C.-section-1125(c);  
(3)  Enter judgment in Plaintiff’s favor, finding that Zara and Inditex have engaged in unfair competition and false designation of origin in violation of 15U.S.C.-section-1125(a);  
(4)  Enter judgment in Plaintiff’s favor, finding that Plaintiff’s trade dress rights have been infringed by Zara and Inditex in violation of California Business & Professions Code -section-14200;  
(5)  Enter judgment in Plaintiff’s favor, finding that Zara and Inditex have engaged in unfair competition in violation of Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code -section-17200;  
(6)  That Zara and Inditex be required to pay compensatory damages of not less than $3,000,000, including Plaintiff’s actual damages or Defendants’ profits as shall be determined from an accounting of Defendants’ sales pursuant to 15U.S.C.-section-1117(a), subject to enhancement as appropriate;  
(7)  For pre-judgment interest according to statute;  
(8)  For injunctive relief that requires Defendants to stop selling the infringing Combination Skinny Biker jeans, and any other products that infringe Plaintiff’s trade dress rights;  
(9)  For injunctive relief that prohibits Defendants from manufacturing, marketing or selling the AMIRI MX2 jeans, or any other clothing item or accessory that is identical or confusingly similar to the AMIRI MX2 jeans;  
(10) For punitive damages pursuant to Cal. Civil Code -section- 3294; 
(11)  For Plaintiffs’ reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs; and 
(12)  For any further relief that the Court deems just and proper. 
DATED: August 24, 2020   




 



